Add MCP Tools to support Extension Resource Types (#19453)
Azure/bicep: src/Bicep.McpServer/Files/bestpractices.md

### Syntax
1. If you hit warnings or errors with null properties, prefer solving them with the safe-dereference (`.?`) operator, in conjunction with the coalesce (`??`) operator. For example, `a.?b ?? c` is better than `a!.b` which may cause runtime errors, or `a != null ? a.b : c` which is unnecessarily verbose.

### Extensions

> 1. When creating Bicep files that use extension resources (e.g., Microsoft Graph via `extension microsoftGraphV1_0`), ensure a `bicepconfig.json` file exists in the current directory or an ancestor directory. If one does not exist, create it with the proper extension configuration. For example, for Microsoft Graph v1.0:

Reviewer: I wonder if it's worth explaining that the `extension microsoftGraphV1_0` statement is also needed in the .bicep file using the extension resources, and that the identifier `microsoftGraphV1_0` has to match the key in the bicepconfig.json file

Author: Done.

   ```json
   {
     "extensions": {
       "microsoftGraphV1_0": "br:mcr.microsoft.com/bicep/extensions/microsoftgraph/v1.0:1.0.0"
     }
   }
   ```

> 1. Use `ListPublishedExtensions` to discover available extensions and their versions before configuring `bicepconfig.json`.

Reviewer: As far as the client is concerned, they'll only see the tool names in snake case, since the MCP library converts them all:

```suggestion
1. Use the `list_published_extensions` MCP tool to discover available extensions and their versions before configuring `bicepconfig.json`.
```

Author: Fixed
